Did you just try to 1v1 me with that move?
Did you forget to press the win button?
I’ve seen NPCs with better decision-making.
That’s the kind of play that gets you banned in ranked.
Your aim is like a ping of 999, all over the place.
You call that a strategy? I’ve seen bots with better tactics.
Is that your best? My grandma could do better in a speedrun.
That move was so bad, even the game crashed.
Are you even trying, or just pressing buttons?
I’ve seen better plays in tutorial mode.
You’re like the AFK teammate in every match.
Was that a tactic or were you just mashing your keyboard?
That was so bad, the enemy team sent you a sympathy message.
Your game sense is as bad as your internet connection.
Bro, you’re about as useful as a broken controller.
That wasn’t a play, that was a disaster waiting to happen.
If that was your ultimate move, I’m glad it’s on cooldown.
That was so slow, even lag would’ve beaten you.
Is this your first time playing? You sure about that?
You wouldn’t even hit a target if it was standing still.
Did you take a detour through the noob zone?
Not even a bot would mess up that badly.
You’ve got more mistakes than a speedrun glitch.
Is this a tactical retreat or just bad gameplay?
Did you just throw your controller at the screen and hope for a win?
I’ve seen better plays in low-level matchmaking.
You’ve got a better chance at winning a coin flip than winning this game.
Are you trying to play or just watching the game happen?
That was like a level 1 noob trying to solo a raid boss.
I’ve seen better tactics in a mobile game tutorial.
Bro, you’re playing like you just discovered the WASD keys.
Is that your strategy, or did you just forget what the game is?
Did you forget that pressing all the buttons doesn’t make you a pro?
You’re about as useful as a healing potion in a speedrun.
The only thing you’re good at is feeding the enemy team.
Your skills are as weak as a low-level armor set.
You’re playing like you’ve never touched a game before.
That was so bad, even the game gave up on you.
Is that a plan or were you just hoping for a lucky shot?
Your gameplay is like a lag spike—totally unpredictable.
I’ve seen AI players with more creativity than that move.
You just activated my trap card... and then walked into it.
You’re the kind of player who gets stuck on tutorial stages.
You’re not even a speed bump, you're a whole traffic jam.
That play was a bigger fail than a noob in ranked matches.
Nice job, you just triggered the rage quit emote.
You’ve got the reflexes of a lagging server.
That was a strategic disaster. 10/10 would not recommend.
I’ve seen bots play smarter than that.
If I had a nickel for every time you missed, I’d be buying upgrades.
You’re as useful as a broken respawn timer.
I’ve seen bots perform better than that strategy.
Did you just roll for stats or was that random chaos?
That move was so bad, even the enemy team sent a thank-you note.
You’ve got the aim of a potato and the strategy of a banana.
That’s one way to throw the game, I guess.
I’ve seen better coordination in a 3v3 match of Rock, Paper, Scissors.
Is that your special tactic? Because it’s not working.
your so common your like Khostov!!
Did you just miss that super? That’s like shooting a Thunderlord into a wall.
I’ve seen more kills from a level 1 Guardian than you just got in that strike.
Are you running that exotic? You might as well be wielding a green weapon.
You have the accuracy of a Titan trying to jump over a gap on the Dreadnaught.
That was a worse play than trying to solo a Nightfall without any heavy ammo.
I’ve seen better strategies in the Tower during a Crucible downtime.
Nice work, you almost got a kill! Too bad your grenade was a dud.
That play was like using a Gjallarhorn on a group of Dregs. Overkill.
Are you sure you're a Hunter? I think you're just an NPC in the wrong subclass.
You’re playing like you're still stuck on the Cosmodrome tutorial.
That move was as effective as trying to kill a Kell with a hand cannon from across the map.
That’s a play worthy of a Destiny 1 PvP match. Everyone’s confused and no one’s having fun.
Bro, even a Fallen Shank could dodge that shot.
You’re running around like a Warlock with no Armor of Light. Good luck out there.
I’d say you were using a low-level weapon, but that’s an insult to green gear.
You know it's bad when even Eris Morn is like, Not again.
Did you just try to raid solo with a green weapon? That’s like showing up to the Vault of Glass with a potato gun.
I’ve seen more coordination in a 6v6 match of Control with six randoms.
You’re playing like you’re trying to teach a Cabal how to raid.
That was like trying to do a flawless run in the Crucible with a Rocket Launcher. Just no.
Nice super, too bad it was wasted on a couple of Scorn. Real threat, huh?
You’ve got the timing of a Hunter trying to dodge in the middle of a rocket barrage.
Even a Fallen Kalli would do better in Gambit than you just did in that invasion.
You’re running around like you’re trying to solo the Last Wish raid with a bow.
That was more embarrassing than when we all realized the Taken weren't really gone in Destiny 2.
You missed your shot like a Titan trying to jump across the Leviathan without Wings of Sacred Dawn.
I think you’d have better luck winning a game of Crucible with a PvE loadout.
That play was as smooth as trying to revive during a heavy phase in the Leviathan raid.
Bro, you're playing Destiny like you just picked up the game during Season of the Splicer.
Did you just pop your super and then miss everything? That’s a real Titan move.
I’ve seen more movement from a Vex Minotaur stuck in a wall.
You’re as clueless as a Hunter with no throwing knives trying to melee in the Crucible.
That was like running into the Cabal’s Red Legion with a broken sparrow and no ammo.
You’re acting like you're the Crota raid's easiest encounter and not the final boss.
That was as bad as trying to get a flawless completion of Prison of Elders in Destiny 1 with no revives.
You’re moving around like a Warlock without the Dawnblade glide perk.
Did you really just try to revive in the middle of a Nightfall? That’s like reading the grimoire cards in reverse.
You’re the kind of player who spends 20 minutes in the Tower just to wipe in the first 5 minutes of a raid.
Is that your version of clutching the Vault of Glass solo? Looked more like a wipe.
That was as effective as a Hunter trying to Golden Gun an Archon Priest from across the map.
I’ve seen more finesse in the Crucible with a primary weapon and no perks.
Trying to beat that boss with your gear is like trying to take on Riven with a Zalo Supercell.
You’re playing like you're still figuring out how to use the Ghost during a Destiny 2 strike.
That move was as useful as using a Plan C in PvE. Nice try, though.
Your gameplay is like trying to kill a Taken Acolyte with a fusion rifle at point-blank range.
That was like trying to solo a Nightmare Hunt with no mods and no heavy ammo.
Bro, you missed that super like you were trying to hit a Vex Minotaur with a Scout Rifle from orbit.
That was as bad as trying to do a Nightfall without a proper burn. You’re just setting yourself up to fail.
You’re like a Guardian trying to navigate the Dreaming City without a map.
That play was as effective as trying to use a sidearm in a boss fight on the Leviathan.
You're playing like you've never heard of Light subclasses.
Your aim is worse than a Sparrow trying to do the Sparrow Racing League without handling boosts.
You’re trying to clutch in Trials like a newbie with no Trials gear.
That super was as useful as a Stasis ability in a Solar burn Nightfall.
Did you just use your super to clear a bunch of thralls? That's like using Ward of Dawn for a single dreg.
You’re as lost as a Guardian trying to find their way out of the Vault of Glass maze.
You’re playing like you think the Infinite Forest is a real place to hide from enemies.
"Is that your super, or were you just trying to look cool?", 
"Did you just wipe in the Crucible, or is that your strategy?", 
"You play like your Light level is still at 300.", 
"That move was more predictable than a Warlock with a Nova Bomb.", 
"Bro, your aim’s about as accurate as a Titan’s jump.", 
"Are you running a PvE loadout in PvP? You do know the difference, right?", 
"That play was so bad, I thought we were in the Cosmodrome tutorial.", 
"You missed that shot harder than I missed my 1st Destiny raid.", 
"You’re playing like you still think the Tower is a social space.", 
"I’ve seen better strategy from a *random* Sparrow race.", 
"Bro, you play like you’re still in the Destiny 1 beta.", 
"Are you using a green weapon in Gambit, or is that just your default gear?", 
"You just ran into that Super like it’s a Cabal artillery strike!", 
"You’re playing like your Exotic armor has no perks.", 
"You missed that Super harder than my first Titan jump on Nessus.", 
"You’ve got the timing of a Hunter dodging a grenade from the *wrong* side of the map.", 
"That was less of a ‘raid wipe’ and more of a ‘team-building exercise’.", 
"You’re about as useful as a Titan without a bubble in PvP.", 
"I thought we were doing a Nightfall, not a practice round for a *Strike*.", 
"Did you just pull out a hand cannon? Thought we were raiding, not doing the *Dreadnaught* patrol!", 
"You have the aim of a *Vex Minotaur* trying to shoot through a wall.", 
"I thought we were in the *Last Wish*, not your first-ever Crucible match.", 
"That shot was like a *Gjallarhorn* without the *Tracking Module*.", 
"You’re moving like a Warlock with no Rift.", 
"Is that your best Super, or were you just trying to use it before it expires?", 
"Nice miss. Even a Fallen Dreg would have seen that coming.", 
"I think you’ve got more wasted ammo than a Titan using *Striker* in a PvP match.", 
"Are you using a *Plan C* in PvE? That’s a *classic* mistake.", 
"Your timing is so off, even the Taken couldn’t miss you.", 
"Bro, you’re playing like your controller is on the wrong setting.", 
"Your aiming skills are like a Hunter with no throwing knives in the Crucible.", 
"Did you really just waste that Super on a couple of adds?", 
"That play was like trying to solo a raid with a green weapon. Good luck with that.", 
"I’ve seen more coordination from a Destiny 2 server during maintenance.", 
"You’re as useful as a Destiny 1 Hunter with no Golden Gun.", 
"That wasn’t a play, that was a fast-track ticket to the respawn screen.", 
"Your teamwork is as strong as a Titan with no shield.", 
"You’re playing like you thought Bungie gave you a free pass for bad gameplay.", 
"Bro, you're as lost as a Guardian trying to figure out the Director on day one.", 
"Did you just activate your super and miss everything? Classic Titan move.", 
"You call that a strategy? I’ve seen more coordination from randoms in *Control*.", 
"That play was so bad, even Eris Morn would be like, 'No, thank you.'", 
"Bro, you’ve got more missed shots than the *Crota* raid team’s first attempt at a flawless run.", 
"Your aim is like a Vex, just always off target.", 
"Did you seriously try to use a fusion rifle on a Cabal? What were you thinking?", 
"Bro, you're playing like you're stuck on the Cosmodrome, doing patrols for the first time.", 
"Your tactics are as weak as a green weapon on a Nightfall.", 
"That was less of a super and more of a ‘throwing a grenade into the void.’", 
"Are you sure you’re not playing Destiny 1? You’re making moves like it’s 2014.", 
"I thought I saw the *Traveler* leave the game because of how bad that play was.", 
"Your supers are as bad as your timing in the Crucible.", 
"That play was so uncoordinated, even a Fallen Shank would have dodged it.", 
"You’re playing Destiny like it’s a mobile game—minimal effort, maximum disappointment.", 
"Bro, are you playing Destiny or just hoping for a lucky drop?", 
"Even a *Vex Minotaur* can dodge better than that.", 
"Are you trying to raid with that loadout? You do know the Vault of Glass isn’t *Destiny 1* anymore, right?", 
"That was the kind of play that gets you reported in Gambit.", 
"You’re about as helpful as a broken sparrow in the middle of a boss fight.", 
"That was a worse play than trying to solo a Nightfall without any heavy ammo.", 
"You call that gameplay? I’ve seen better moves from a level 5 Guardian.", 
"Bro, you’re playing like a Warlock without a Rift. Just sitting there, waiting for a rescue.", 
"That play was so bad, I thought the Cabal were going to send you a sympathy message.", 
"Is that a raid strategy or just you pressing random buttons?", 
"You’re playing like you don’t even know what a Destiny raid is. Do you even know how to dodge?", 
"Bro, you’re making the same mistakes in Crucible as when you tried to solo the *Crota* raid for the first time.", 
"That shot missed so badly, even a Fallen wouldn't have taken that seriously.", 
"I’ve seen more coordination from a group of Dregs.", 
"Your aim is as bad as a Titan trying to cross the *Leviathan* raid without Wings of Sacred Dawn.", 
"You’re the kind of player who shows up to the *Last Wish* raid with a blue weapon.", 
"Your Light level’s about as useful as a green armor set on a Nightfall.", 
"Bro, your *super* is like a *Gjallarhorn* without any rockets. Empty.", 
"That strategy was so bad, the Taken would have laughed at you.", 
"I thought you were supposed to be a *Destiny* pro, not a scrub who forgot how to jump.", 
"Bro, you’re using *The Last Word* in Gambit? What are you, a cowboy?", 
"That shot was more off target than a Titan’s jump from the Tower to the Traveler.", 
"You’re about as effective as a Ghost trying to revive during the *Leviathan* raid without a mod.", 
"Your gameplay is like trying to kill a Fallen Dreg with a green weapon—pointless.", 
"Bro, you missed that super like it was an *explosive* PvP match in the Tower.", 
"That move was like trying to solo a raid with nothing but a Scout Rifle and no mods."
